yo what up guys STG so the gamer yo you
might be wondering yo are you really
playing with Nerlens Noel did you really
get all the rookies on NBA 2k13 yo I got
all the rookies on 2k13 I got all the
trades the brand new pelicans I got
everybody and now it's time for me to
teach you guys how to do this so what
you want to do is go in your main menu
right now you want to go all the way to
uh I believe its features yes features
you gotta go to features you want to go
to 2k share very important now there's
two methods of doing that you can go to
top-rated
and then you can just type in file name
by file name of course so you can just
type in NBA 2k14 as you can see once
this is done you're gonna get so many
search results for NBA 2k14 there's
gonna be so many developers or just
dudes who you know made the draft class
made everybody look at all this but for
this video I'm gonna be demonstrating
and showing you guys one of my friends
rosters a he made and it's very great
and I'm showing it because he's gonna be
updating it so whenever there's a trade
I'm sure a lot of trades are gonna be
going down he's gonna be updating it he
already updated it that's exactly why
I'm showing it to you if you wanna check
out his youtube link and will be in the
description down below it's a good dude
as you can see right here this is his
gamertag so this is what you want to
type in specifically if you want the
most updated one at all times so you
type his gamertag we're done right here
it's gonna load as you can see his first
one did great but he recently like in a
couple of hours ago updated it again so
now it's at 1.5 so under your 2k 14 1.5
you got that down you click download and
now it's time for you to make a name to
save it okay it's very very simple if
you guys never use 2k share before it's
very simple just follow these steps I
just named it s TG if you will and you
name that right there and now with the
fun part is it's almost time we're very
very very close so it's gonna save it's
gonna load you pick your hard drive you
do all that good stuff and now you go to
your home screen once you're at the home
screen all you got to do is go in
options go to load you want to load up
your brand new save file pick your hard
drive Epsilon
right here I saved it as st gggggg like
a boss you click that plus a couple of
more g's yeah you click that up right
there and now that's it you're done you
got all the good dudes you got the brand
new Brooklyn Nets you got everybody and
just to prove it you go to home you go
to your quick game menu and look we got
the pelicans through holiday now on the
pelicans you got the rookies you got
Auto Porter and everybody you got the
Nets as you can see here you got Nerlens
- well in the Philadelphia 76ers the
ratings are changed a little bit and
that's basically all you gotta do check
out that new Phoenix Suns and everything
so that's really really cool much
respect and shot up - GMAC for doing
this and showing me about this his link
and everything is in the description
down below but in the comments down
below I want to ask you guys look
Nerlens there well right here that's so
cool I'm so hyped up for NBA 2k14 so
many more videos coming out guys I you
know I've been I get a video every
single day for like the past for the
past week or two so I'm really enjoying
it thank you guys so much for the
support if you enjoyed this video and
this helped you get all the rookies give
this video a thumbs up I would really
appreciate it if you're not subscribe go
ahead and subscribe and join team scg
for daily videos I'll see you guys in a
couple of hours thanks so much for
watching this video guys scg sub the
gamer have a good one peace